[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello.
I'm Reece Jones,
and welcome to using
lucid dreaming for the
betterment of your waking life.
In this course, we'll
be going over the eight
phases of lucid dreaming.
From how to start a dream
journal to techniques
on stabilizing the
dream environment.
All the way to extracting
meaning from your lucid dreams
and applying that meaning
to your waking life.
In the mainstream
media, lucid dreaming
is typically portrayed
as nothing more
than virtual
reality on steroids.
But don't be fooled by
this oversimplification.
Whilst lucid dreaming can be
this and is indeed for many,
there's so much more
to it than just that.
When used intentionally
with direction and purpose,
lucid dreaming can, in
fact, change many facets
of your waking life.
So join me on this 10-day
course where I'll distill down
my 30 years of
experience and help
you to achieve exactly this.
Follow along each day
and by the end of it,
you'll have everything
you need to know
to start using lucid
dreaming for the betterment
of your waking life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]